docs/Calibrate_the_1st_Layer_Height/01-Get_Started.md, before:

# Get Started

## How the Z Probe Determines a Successful Print

When you print, it is imperative that the model - the object you're printing - is stuck to the build plate; only to be peeled off once the print is finished. For this, the printer needs to be able to repeatedly and precisely position the nozzle very close to the build plate so that the filament gets stuck to it as it's being extruded.

> In short, a badly set-up Z probe guarantees a bad first layer and a print failure.

The Z Probe is an inductive proximity sensor which senses metal objects using electromagnetic field. In JellyBOX, the probe senses the aluminum build plate and thus determines the z home position - just like simple mechanical switches determine the x and y home positions. Therefore, by adjusting the z probe, we can change the z home position and thus also the first layer height.

## The Plan

1. First, we need to **move the Z probe itself** into the right position. (* Only if you use the _adjustable Z probe mount_.)
2. Then, we will use the LCD controller (aka rotary encoder) to **calibrate the 1st layer height** to perfection via live adjustment.

<details>
<summary><b>* Adjustable vs. Fixed Z probe mount (click to expand)</b></summary>

![zprobe-mount.png](assets/zprobe-mount.png)

**Adjustable Z probe mount** is
- 👍 Perfect for power users who want to use hotends of different lengths (like full metal E3D v6 hotend).
- 👍 Compatible with jb JellyBOX Original and 2.
- 👎 Under certain conditions can move if disturbed.

**Fixed Z probe mount** is
- 👍 Easier to use
- 👍 Can never move once set-up
- 👎 Is only compatible with JellyBOX 2 in the moment
</details>


## JellyBOX Versions ?!

There are differences between how the Z probe looks for different JellyBOXes, but the techniques and principles in this guide are the same for all.

[comment]:: ( #todo image of the various probes and probe mounts with version names)

Commit message:

First functional Z Probe guide version.
- Merge from devel

docs/Calibrate_the_1st_Layer_Height/01-Get_Started.md, after:

# Get Started

## How the Z Probe Determines a Successful Print

![probes-positions](assets/probes-positions.jpg)

When you print, it is imperative that the model - the object you're printing - is **stuck to the build plate**; only to be peeled off once the print is finished.

For this, the printer needs to be able to repeatedly and precisely **position the nozzle very close to the build plate** so that the filament gets stuck to it as it's being extruded.

> In short, a badly set-up Z probe guarantees a bad first layer and a print failure.

The Z Probe is an inductive proximity sensor which senses metal objects using electromagnetic field. In JellyBOX, the probe senses the aluminum build plate and thus determines the z home position - just like simple mechanical switches determine the x and y home positions. Therefore, **by adjusting the z probe, we can change the z home position and thus also the first layer height.**

![first-layer-poster.png](assets/first-layer-poster.png ':size=400%')

## The Plan

1. First, we need to **move the Z probe itself** into the right position. (* Only if you use the _adjustable Z probe mount_.)
2. Then, we will use the LCD controller (aka rotary encoder) to **calibrate the 1st layer height** to perfection via live adjustment.

<details>
<summary><b>* Adjustable vs. Fixed Z probe mount (click to expand)</b></summary>

![zprobe-mount.png](assets/zprobe-mount.png)

**Adjustable Z probe mount** is
- 👍 Perfect for power users who want to use hotends of different lengths (like full metal E3D v6 hotend).
- 👍 Compatible with jb JellyBOX Original and 2.
- 👎 Under certain conditions can move if disturbed.

**Fixed Z probe mount** is
- 👍 Easier to use
- 👍 Can never move once set-up
- 👎 Is only compatible with JellyBOX 2 in the moment
</details>


## What about Different JellyBOX Versions?

There are differences between how the Z probe looks for different JellyBOXes, but the techniques and principles in this guide are the same for all. Proceed without fear.
